Citi Research

Equities
3 February 2015 │ 7 pages

Biotechnology
North America │ United States

Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD)
Results: Strong Q4 – New Dividend + Stock Buyback Are Big
Positives But Pricing Is Softer Than Expected – Volume Going Up
 Citi's Take — Gilead posted a strong Q4 driven by 10% beat on revs and 11% on

EPS. Both Harvoni and Sovaldi beat albeit ex-US hepC sales were weak as
reimbursement was not fully secured until Q1. HepC sales should accelerate
meaningfully ex-US in 2015. The surprise is that gross/net discounts are expected
to be 46% vs our 25% driven by aggressive exclusivity based contracts. Gilead is
winning the battle as only 20% of formularies are exclusive to ABBV. As volume will
increase meaningfully and hence the 2015 guidance is only slightly lower than ests,
we expect the stock to trade down c.5% but we remain Buyers.
 What the Pricing? — Clearly this is a precedent setting situation as payers are

demanding exclusivity contracts in both the public and private markets. The bad
news is that this translates into very fast and deep discounting to gain access. But
the good news is that Gilead is winning and this will carry over through YE ’16 by
which point Merck will launch their regimen and contracting is done for 2017. In the
meantime, Gilead will capture share, docs will gain experience, and Gilead has the
best hepC pipeline. We like the stock as it offers a low P/E multiple supported by
stock buybacks, dividend, under-appreciated pipeline and M&A optionality.

Buy
Price (03 Feb 15)
Target price
Expected share price return
Expected dividend yield
Expected total return
Market Cap

1
US$104.58
US$125.00
19.5%
0.0%
19.5%
US$157,776M

Price Performance
(RIC: GILD.O, BB: GILD US)

 Capital Deployment — Gilead announced a dividend unexpectedly for the first time

of $0.43/quarter or ~1.6% div yield ($2.75B/yr) and a $15B stock buyback on top of
the remaining $3B under the current plan. This will last for 5 years but typically the
buybacks are accelerated. With $14B-$15B in free cash flow in 2015, this will allow
for plenty of room for acquisitions to boost the pipeline and stimulate growth.
 Implications — The worse news is now behind us on pricing and volume should

now accelerate globally. The patient pull-through will be faster than was initially
expected and will remain sustainable ex-US due to strict budgets. The dividend and
stock buybacks are encouraging and leave room for further M&A as Gilead is
gearing the company for acquisitions starting in 2015.
EPS

Q1

Q2

Q3

Q4

FY

FC Cons

2013A

0.48A

0.50A

0.52A

0.55A

2.05A

2.04A

2014E

1.48A

2.36A

1.84A

2.42E

8.11E

7.92E

Previous

1.48A

2.36A

1.84A

2.42E

8.11E

na

2015E

na

na

na

na

10.39E

9.79E

Previous

na

na

na

na

10.39E

na

2016E

na

na

na

na

12.27E

10.97E

Previous

na

na

na

na

12.27E

na

Yaron Werber, MD

+1-212-816-8836
yaron.werber@citi.com

Kumaraguru Raja, Ph.D.
kumaraguru.raja@citi.com

Source: Company Reports and dataCentral, Citi Research. FC Cons: First Call Consensus.

See Appendix A-1 for Analyst Certification, Important Disclosures and non-US research analyst disclosures.
Citi Research is a division of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (the "Firm"), which does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a
result, investors should be aware that the Firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only
a single factor in making their investment decision. Certain products (not inconsistent with the author's published research) are available only on Citi's portals.

Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD)
3 February 2015

Citi Research

Gilead Sciences Inc
Valuation
We value Gilead on a comparative P/E vs. the large-cap biotech comp group. Our
$125 target price is based on 12x 2015E non-GAAP EPS estimate of $10.39. This
multiple is a substantial discount to both the S&P500 and large-cap biotech group
and reflects the long-term uncertainty about the longevity of the hepC revenue
stream.
Our DCF analysis suggests a value of $81-$119. In our DCF, we utilize a 10%
discount rate to get to $81, which is an overly conservative scenario. If we use an
8% discount rate that we typically apply to large-cap biotech stocks, we derive a
$104 DCF value. If we use the current cost of capital using a discount rate of 6.5%
based on a risk-free rate of 2.59%, an equity risk premium of 5.45%, and a 52-week
beta of 1.22, we derive a $119 DCF value.

Risks
Risks we see to the stock achieving our target price include the following:
While Gilead has the premier HIV franchise today, future growth depends on the
continued ability of Stribild, Complera, Truvada and Atripla to continue to capture
share in the HIV market. TAF (2nd generation Viread) has completed ph 3 studies
and has been filed for global regulatory approvals. Hence it is facing the typical
regulatory risks albeit we believe that it will be approved.
Gilead is vulnerable to pricing pressure from US payors and European governments
which could result in larger-than-expected rebates for its HIV/HCV products. Gilead
must also successfully navigate its US HIV franchise through the opportunities and
challenges that it faces stemming from the healthcare reform act.
Gilead is also facing some pricing/reimbursement challenges in the US relating to
Sovaldi/Harvoni's price and sizable demand that will test the limits of funding for
private payers, Medicaid, the VA system and the correction department. Hence,
pricing will likely come under pressure especially given growing competition in
hepC.
Finally, the hepC market will likely become very competitive given promising
regimens from Merck, AbbVie, Bristol, JNJ, ACHN and others in development.

Appendix A-1
Analyst Certification
The research analyst(s) primarily responsible for the preparation and content of this research report are named in bold text in the author block at
the front of the product except for those sections where an analyst's name appears in bold alongside content which is attributable to that analyst.
Each of these analyst(s) certify, with respect to the section(s) of the report for which they are responsible, that the views expressed therein
accurately reflect their personal views about each issuer and security referenced and were prepared in an independent manner, including with
respect to Citigroup Global Markets Inc and its affiliates. No part of the research analyst's compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly,
related to the specific recommendation(s) or view(s) expressed by that research analyst in this report.

2

Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD)
3 February 2015

Citi Research

IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. owns a position of 1 million USD or more in the debt securities of Gilead Sciences Inc
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. or an affiliate received compensation for products and services other than investment banking services from Gilead Sciences
Inc in the past 12 months.
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. currently has, or had within the past 12 months, the following as clients, and the services provided were non-investmentbanking, securities-related: Gilead Sciences Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. currently has, or had within the past 12 months, the following as clients, and the services provided were non-investmentbanking, non-securities-related: Gilead Sciences Inc.
Analysts' compensation is determined based upon activities and services intended to benefit the investor clients of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and its
affiliates ("the Firm"). Like all Firm employees, analysts receive compensation that is impacted by overall firm profitability which includes investment banking
revenues.
The Firm is a market maker in the publicly traded equity securities of Gilead Sciences Inc.
For important disclosures (including copies of historical disclosures) regarding the companies that are the subject of this Citi Research product ("the
Product"), please contact Citi Research, 388 Greenwich Street, 28th Floor, New York, NY, 10013, Attention: Legal/Compliance [E6WYB6412478]. In
addition, the same important disclosures, with the exception of the Valuation and Risk assessments and historical disclosures, are contained on the Firm's
disclosure website at https://www.citivelocity.com/cvr/eppublic/citi_research_disclosures. Valuation and Risk assessments can be found in the text of the
most recent research note/report regarding the subject company. Historical disclosures (for up to the past three years) will be provided upon request.
Citi Research Equity Ratings Distribution
Data current as of 31 Dec 2014
Citi Research Global Fundamental Coverage
% of companies in each rating category that are investment banking clients
3

12 Month Rating
Buy Hold
Sell
49%
40%
12%
65%
62%
54%

Relative Rating
Buy Hold
Sell
0% 100%
0%
0%
63%
0%

Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD)
3 February 2015

Citi Research

Guide to Citi Research Fundamental Research Investment Ratings:
Citi Research stock recommendations include an investment rating and an optional risk rating to highlight high risk stocks.
Risk rating takes into account both price volatility and fundamental criteria. Stocks will either have no risk rating or a High risk rating assigned.
Investment Ratings: Citi Research investment ratings are Buy, Neutral and Sell. Our ratings are a function of analyst expectations of expected total return
("ETR") and risk. ETR is the sum of the forecast price appreciation (or depreciation) plus the dividend yield for a stock within the next 12 months. The
Investment rating definitions are: Buy (1) ETR of 15% or more or 25% or more for High risk stocks; and Sell (3) for negative ETR. Any covered stock not
assigned a Buy or a Sell is a Neutral (2). For stocks rated Neutral (2), if an analyst believes that there are insufficient valuation drivers and/or investment
catalysts to derive a positive or negative investment view, they may elect with the approval of Citi Research management not to assign a target price and,
thus, not derive an ETR. Analysts may place covered stocks "Under Review" in response to exceptional circumstances (e.g. lack of information critical to the
analyst's thesis) affecting the company and / or trading in the company's securities (e.g. trading suspension). As soon as practically possible, the analyst will
publish a note re-establishing a rating and investment thesis. To satisfy regulatory requirements, we correspond Under Review and Neutral to Hold in our
ratings distribution table for our 12-month fundamental rating system. However, we reiterate that we do not consider Under Review to be a recommendation.
Prior to May 1, 2014 Citi Research may have also assigned a three-month relative call (or rating) to a stock to highlight expected out-performance (most
preferred) or under-performance (least preferred) versus the geographic and industry sector over a 3 month period. The relative call may have highlighted a
specific near-term catalyst or event impacting the company or the market that was anticipated to have a short-term price impact on the equity securities of
the company. Absent any specific catalyst the analyst(s) may have indicated the most and least preferred stocks in the universe of stocks under
consideration, explaining the basis for this short-term view. This three-month view may have been different from and did not affect a stock's fundamental
equity rating, which reflected a longer-term total absolute return expectation. For purposes of NASD/NYSE ratings-distribution-disclosure rules, most
preferred calls corresponded to a buy recommendation and least preferred calls corresponded to a sell recommendation. Any stock not assigned to a most
preferred or least preferred call was considered non-relative-rated (NRR). For purposes of NASD/NYSE ratings-distribution-disclosure rules we
corresponded NRR to Hold in our ratings distribution table for our 3-month relative rating system. However, we reiterate that we did not consider NRR to be
a recommendation.
Prior to October 8, 2011, the firm's stock recommendation system included a risk rating and an investment rating. Risk ratings, which took into account both
price volatility and fundamental criteria, were: Low (L), Medium (M), High (H), and Speculative (S). Investment Ratings of Buy, Hold and Sell were a
function of the Citi Research expectation of total return (forecast price appreciation and dividend yield within the next 12 months) and risk rating. Additionally,
analysts could have placed covered stocks "Under Review" in response to exceptional circumstances (e.g. lack of information critical to the analyst's thesis)
affecting the company and/or trading in the company's securities (e.g. trading suspension). Stocks placed "Under Review" were monitored daily by
management and as practically possible, the analyst published a note re-establishing a rating and investment thesis. For securities in developed markets
(US, UK, Europe, Japan, and Australia/New Zealand), investment ratings were:Buy (1) (expected total return of 10% or more for Low-Risk stocks, 15% or
more for Medium-Risk stocks, 20% or more for High-Risk stocks, and 35% or more for Speculative stocks); Hold (2) (0%-10% for Low-Risk stocks, 0%-15%
for Medium-Risk stocks, 0%-20% for High-Risk stocks, and 0%-35% for Speculative stocks); and Sell (3) (negative total return). For securities in emerging
markets (Asia Pacific, Emerging Europe/Middle East/Africa, and Latin America), investment ratings were:Buy (1) (expected total return of 15% or more for
Low-Risk stocks, 20% or more for Medium-Risk stocks, 30% or more for High-Risk stocks, and 40% or more for Speculative stocks); Hold (2) (5%-15% for
Low-Risk stocks, 10%-20% for Medium-Risk stocks, 15%-30% for High-Risk stocks, and 20%-40% for Speculative stocks); and Sell (3) (5% or less for LowRisk stocks, 10% or less for Medium-Risk stocks, 15% or less for High-Risk stocks, and 20% or less for Speculative stocks).
Investment ratings are determined by the ranges described above at the time of initiation of coverage, a change in investment and/or risk rating, or a change
in target price (subject to limited management discretion). At other times, the expected total returns may fall outside of these ranges because of market price
movements and/or other short-term volatility or trading patterns. Such interim deviations from specified ranges will be permitted but will become subject to
review by Research Management. Your decision to buy or sell a security should be based upon your personal investment objectives and should be made
only after evaluating the stock's expected performance and risk.
NON-US RESEARCH ANALYST DISCLOSURES
Non-US research analysts who have prepared this report (i.e., all research analysts listed below other than those identified as employed by Citigroup Global
Markets Inc.) are not registered/qualified as research analysts with FINRA. Such research analysts may not be associated persons of the member
organization and therefore may not be subject to the NYSE Rule 472 and NASD Rule 2711 restrictions on communications with a subject company, public
appearances and trading securities held by a research analyst account. The legal entities employing the authors of this report are listed below:
Citigroup Global Markets Inc

Yaron Werber, MD; Kumaraguru Raja, Ph.D.

OTHER DISCLOSURES

The subject company's share price set out on the front page of this Product is quoted as at 03 February 2015 01:04 PM on the issuer's primary market.
For securities recommended in the Product in which the Firm is not a market maker, the Firm is a liquidity provider in the issuers' financial instruments and
may act as principal in connection with such transactions. The Firm is a regular issuer of traded financial instruments linked to securities that may have been
recommended in the Product. The Firm regularly trades in the securities of the issuer(s) discussed in the Product. The Firm may engage in securities
transactions in a manner inconsistent with the Product and, with respect to securities covered by the Product, will buy or sell from customers on a principal
basis.
Securities recommended, offered, or sold by the Firm: (i) are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; (ii) are not deposits or other
obligations of any insured depository institution (including Citibank); and (iii) are subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal
amount invested. Although information has been obtained from and is based upon sources that the Firm believes to be reliable, we do not guarantee its
accuracy and it may be incomplete and condensed. Note, however, that the Firm has taken all reasonable steps to determine the accuracy and
completeness of the disclosures made in the Important Disclosures section of the Product. The Firm's research department has received assistance from
the subject company(ies) referred to in this Product including, but not limited to, discussions with management of the subject company(ies). Firm policy
prohibits research analysts from sending draft research to subject companies. However, it should be presumed that the author of the Product has had
4

Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD)
3 February 2015

Citi Research

discussions with the subject company to ensure factual accuracy prior to publication. All opinions, projections and estimates constitute the judgment of the
author as of the date of the Product and these, plus any other information contained in the Product, are subject to change without notice. Prices and
availability of financial instruments also are subject to change without notice. Notwithstanding other departments within the Firm advising the companies
discussed in this Product, information obtained in such role is not used in the preparation of the Product. Although Citi Research does not set a
predetermined frequency for publication, if the Product is a fundamental research report, it is the intention of Citi Research to provide research coverage of
the/those issuer(s) mentioned therein, including in response to news affecting this issuer, subject to applicable quiet periods and capacity constraints. The
Product is for informational purposes only and is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase
securities mentioned in the Product must take into account existing public information on such security or any registered prospectus.
Investing in non-U.S. securities, including ADRs, may entail certain risks. The securities of non-U.S. issuers may not be registered with, nor be subject to the
reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. There may be limited information available on foreign securities. Foreign
companies are generally not subject to uniform audit and reporting standards, practices and requirements comparable to those in the U.S. Securities of
some foreign companies may be less liquid and their prices more volatile than securities of comparable U.S. companies. In addition, exchange rate
movements may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in a foreign stock and its corresponding dividend payment for U.S. investors. Net
dividends to ADR investors are estimated, using withholding tax rates conventions, deemed accurate, but investors are urged to consult their tax advisor for
exact dividend computations. Investors who have received the Product from the Firm may be prohibited in certain states or other jurisdictions from
purchasing securities mentioned in the Product from the Firm. Please ask your Financial Consultant for additional details. Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
takes responsibility for the Product in the United States. Any orders by US investors resulting from the information contained in the Product may be placed
only through Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
Important Disclosures for Bell Potter Customers: Bell Potter is making this Product available to its clients pursuant to an agreement with Citigroup Global
Markets Australia Pty Limited. Neither Citigroup Global Markets Australia Pty Limited nor any of its affiliates has made any determination as to the suitability
of the information provided herein and clients should consult with their Bell Potter financial advisor before making any investment decision.
The Citigroup legal entity that takes responsibility for the production of the Product is the legal entity which the first named author is employed
by. The Product is made available in Australia through Citigroup Global Markets Australia Pty Limited. (ABN 64 003 114 832 and AFSL No. 240992),
participant of the ASX Group and regulated by the Australian Securities & Investments Commission. Citigroup Centre, 2 Park Street, Sydney, NSW
2000. The Product is made available in Australia to Private Banking wholesale clients through Citigroup Pty Limited (ABN 88 004 325 080 and AFSL
238098). Citigroup Pty Limited provides all financial product advice to Australian Private Banking wholesale clients through bankers and relationship
managers. If there is any doubt about the suitability of investments held in Citigroup Private Bank accounts, investors should contact the Citigroup Private
Bank in Australia. Citigroup companies may compensate affiliates and their representatives for providing products and services to clients. The Product is
made available in Brazil by Citigroup Global Markets Brasil - CCTVM SA, which is regulated by CVM - Comissão de Valores Mobiliários, BACEN - Brazilian
Central Bank, APIMEC - Associação dos Analistas e Profissionais de Investimento do Mercado de Capitais and ANBID - Associação Nacional dos Bancos
de Investimento. Av. Paulista, 1111 - 11º andar - CEP. 01311920 - São Paulo - SP. If the Product is being made available in certain provinces of Canada by
Citigroup Global Markets (Canada) Inc. ("CGM Canada"), CGM Canada has approved the Product. Citigroup Place, 123 Front Street West, Suite 1100,
Toronto, Ontario M5J 2M3. This product is available in Chile through Banchile Corredores de Bolsa S.A., an indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., which is
regulated by the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros. Agustinas 975, piso 2, Santiago, Chile. The Product is distributed in Germany by Citigroup
Global Markets Deutschland AG ("CGMD"), which is regulated by Bundesanstalt fuer Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin). CGMD, Reuterweg 16, 60323
Frankfurt am Main. Research which relates to "securities" (as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)) is
issued in Hong Kong by, or on behalf of, Citigroup Global Markets Asia Limited which takes full responsibility for its content. Citigroup Global Markets Asia
Ltd. is regulated by Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. If the Research is made available through Citibank, N.A., Hong Kong Branch, for its
clients in Citi Private Bank, it is made available by Citibank N.A., Citibank Tower, Citibank Plaza, 3 Garden Road, Hong Kong. Citibank N.A. is regulated by
the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. Please contact your Private Banker in Citibank N.A., Hong Kong, Branch if you have any queries on or any matters
arising from or in connection with this document. The Product is made available in India by Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited, which is
regulated by Securities and Exchange Board of India. 1202, 12th Floor, FIFC, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051 Corporate
Identity Number: U99999MH2000PTC126657 Tel:+9102261759999 Fax:+9102261759961. The Product is made available in Indonesia through PT
Citigroup Securities Indonesia. 5/F, Citibank Tower, Bapindo Plaza, Jl. Jend. Sudirman Kav. 54-55, Jakarta 12190. Neither this Product nor any copy hereof
may be distributed in Indonesia or to any Indonesian citizens wherever they are domiciled or to Indonesian residents except in compliance with applicable
capital market laws and regulations. This Product is not an offer of securities in Indonesia. The securities referred to in this Product have not been registered
with the Capital Market and Financial Institutions Supervisory Agency (BAPEPAM-LK) pursuant to relevant capital market laws and regulations, and may not
be offered or sold within the territory of the Republic of Indonesia or to Indonesian citizens through a public offering or in circumstances which constitute an
offer within the meaning of the Indonesian capital market laws and regulations. The Product is made available in Israel through Citibank NA, regulated by
the Bank of Israel and the Israeli Securities Authority. Citibank, N.A, Platinum Building, 21 Ha'arba'ah St, Tel Aviv, Israel. The Product is made available in
Italy by Citigroup Global Markets Limited, which is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA. Via dei Mercanti, 12, Milan, 20121,
Italy. The Product is made available in Japan by Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc. ("CGMJ"), which is regulated by Financial Services Agency, Securities
and Exchange Surveillance Commission, Japan Securities Dealers Association, Tokyo Stock Exchange and Osaka Securities Exchange. Shin-Marunouchi
Building, 1-5-1 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-6520 Japan. If the Product was distributed by SMBC Nikko Securities Inc. it is being so distributed under
license. In the event that an error is found in an CGMJ research report, a revised version will be posted on the Firm's Citi Velocity website. If you have
questions regarding Citi Velocity, please call (81 3) 6270-3019 for help. The Product is made available in Korea by Citigroup Global Markets Korea
Securities Ltd., which is regulated by the Financial Services Commission, the Financial Supervisory Service and the Korea Financial Investment Association
(KOFIA). Citibank Building, 39 Da-dong, Jung-gu, Seoul 100-180, Korea. KOFIA makes available registration information of research analysts on its
website. Please visit the following website if you wish to find KOFIA registration information on research analysts of Citigroup Global Markets Korea
Securities
Ltd. http://dis.kofia.or.kr/websquare/index.jsp?w2xPath=/wq/fundMgr/DISFundMgrAnalystList.xml&divisionId=MDIS03002002000000&serviceId=SDIS03002
002000. The Product is made available in Korea by Citibank Korea Inc., which is regulated by the Financial Services Commission and the Financial
Supervisory Service. Address is Citibank Building, 39 Da-dong, Jung-gu, Seoul 100-180, Korea. The Product is made available in Malaysia by Citigroup
5

Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD)
3 February 2015

Citi Research

Global Markets Malaysia Sdn Bhd (Company No. 460819-D) (“CGMM”) to its clients and CGMM takes responsibility for its contents. CGMM is regulated by
the Securities Commission of Malaysia. Please contact CGMM at Level 43 Menara Citibank, 165 Jalan Ampang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in respect
of any matters arising from, or in connection with, the Product. The Product is made available in Mexico by Acciones y Valores Banamex, S.A. De C. V.,
Casa de Bolsa, Integrante del Grupo Financiero Banamex ("Accival") which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and is regulated by Comision
Nacional Bancaria y de Valores. Reforma 398, Col. Juarez, 06600 Mexico, D.F. In New Zealand the Product is made available to ‘wholesale clients’ only as
defined by s5C(1) of the Financial Advisers Act 2008 (‘FAA’) through Citigroup Global Markets Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 64 003 114 832 and AFSL No.
240992), an overseas financial adviser as defined by the FAA, participant of the ASX Group and regulated by the Australian Securities & Investments
Commission. Citigroup Centre, 2 Park Street, Sydney, NSW 2000. The Product is made available in Pakistan by Citibank N.A. Pakistan branch, which is
regulated by the State Bank of Pakistan and Securities Exchange Commission, Pakistan. AWT Plaza, 1.1. Chundrigar Road, P.O. Box 4889, Karachi74200. The Product is made available in the Philippines through Citicorp Financial Services and Insurance Brokerage Philippines, Inc., which is regulated
by the Philippines Securities and Exchange Commission. 20th Floor Citibank Square Bldg. The Product is made available in the Philippines through Citibank
NA Philippines branch, Citibank Tower, 8741 Paseo De Roxas, Makati City, Manila. Citibank NA Philippines NA is regulated by The Bangko Sentral ng
Pilipinas. The Product is made available in Poland by Dom Maklerski Banku Handlowego SA an indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., which is regulated by
Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego. Dom Maklerski Banku Handlowego S.A. ul.Senatorska 16, 00-923 Warszawa. The Product is made available in the
Russian Federation through ZAO Citibank, which is licensed to carry out banking activities in the Russian Federation in accordance with the general
banking license issued by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation and brokerage activities in accordance with the license issued by the Federal Service
for Financial Markets. Neither the Product nor any information contained in the Product shall be considered as advertising the securities mentioned in this
report within the territory of the Russian Federation or outside the Russian Federation. The Product does not constitute an appraisal within the meaning of
the Federal Law of the Russian Federation of 29 July 1998 No. 135-FZ (as amended) On Appraisal Activities in the Russian Federation. 8-10 Gasheka
Street, 125047 Moscow. The Product is made available in Singapore through Citigroup Global Markets Singapore Pte. Ltd. (“CGMSPL”), a capital markets
services license holder, and regulated by Monetary Authority of Singapore. Please contact CGMSPL at 8 Marina View, 21st Floor Asia Square Tower 1,
Singapore 018960, in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, the analysis of this document. This report is intended for recipients who are
accredited, expert and institutional investors as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289). The Product is made available by The Citigroup
Private Bank in Singapore through Citibank, N.A., Singapore Branch, a licensed bank in Singapore that is regulated by Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Please contact your Private Banker in Citibank N.A., Singapore Branch if you have any queries on or any matters arising from or in connection with this
document. This report is intended for recipients who are accredited, expert and institutional investors as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap.
289). This report is distributed in Singapore by Citibank Singapore Ltd ("CSL") to selected Citigold/Citigold Private Clients. CSL provides no independent
research or analysis of the substance or in preparation of this report. Please contact your Citigold//Citigold Private Client Relationship Manager in CSL if you
have any queries on or any matters arising from or in connection with this report. This report is intended for recipients who are accredited investors as
defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289). Citigroup Global Markets (Pty) Ltd. is incorporated in the Republic of South Africa (company
registration number 2000/025866/07) and its registered office is at 145 West Street, Sandton, 2196, Saxonwold. Citigroup Global Markets (Pty) Ltd. is
regulated by JSE Securities Exchange South Africa, South African Reserve Bank and the Financial Services Board. The investments and services
contained herein are not available to private customers in South Africa. The Product is made available in the Republic of China through Citigroup Global
Markets Taiwan Securities Company Ltd. ("CGMTS"), 14 and 15F, No. 1, Songzhi Road, Taipei 110, Taiwan and/or through Citibank Securities (Taiwan)
Company Limited ("CSTL"), 14 and 15F, No. 1, Songzhi Road, Taipei 110, Taiwan, subject to the respective license scope of each entity and the applicable
laws and regulations in the Republic of China. CGMTS and CSTL are both regulated by the Securities and Futures Bureau of the Financial Supervisory
Commission of Taiwan, the Republic of China. No portion of the Product may be reproduced or quoted in the Republic of China by the press or any third
parties [without the written authorization of CGMTS and CSTL]. If the Product covers securities which are not allowed to be offered or traded in the Republic
of China, neither the Product nor any information contained in the Product shall be considered as advertising the securities or making recommendation of
the securities in the Republic of China. The Product is for informational purposes only and is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale
of a security or financial products. Any decision to purchase securities or financial products mentioned in the Product must take into account existing public
information on such security or the financial products or any registered prospectus. The Product is made available in Thailand through Citicorp Securities
(Thailand) Ltd., which is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission of Thailand. 399 Interchange 21 Building, 18th Floor, Sukhumvit Road,
Klongtoey Nua, Wattana ,Bangkok 10110, Thailand. The Product is made available in Turkey through Citibank AS which is regulated by Capital Markets
Board. Tekfen Tower, Eski Buyukdere Caddesi # 209 Kat 2B, 23294 Levent, Istanbul, Turkey. In the U.A.E, these materials (the "Materials") are
communicated by Citigroup Global Markets Limited, DIFC branch ("CGML"), an entity registered in the Dubai International Financial Center ("DIFC") and
licensed and regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority ("DFSA") to Professional Clients and Market Counterparties only and should not be relied
upon or distributed to Retail Clients. A distribution of the different Citi Research ratings distribution, in percentage terms for Investments in each sector
covered is made available on request. Financial products and/or services to which the Materials relate will only be made available to Professional Clients
and Market Counterparties. The Product is made available in United Kingdom by Citigroup Global Markets Limited, which is authorised by the Prudential
Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA. This material may relate to investments or services of
a person outside of the UK or to other matters which are not authorised by the PRA nor regulated by the FCA and the PRA and further details as to where
this may be the case are available upon request in respect of this material. Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5LB. The
Product is made available in United States by Citigroup Global Markets Inc, which is a member of FINRA and registered with the US Securities and
Exchange Commission. 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013. Unless specified to the contrary, within EU Member States, the Product is made
available by Citigroup Global Markets Limited, which is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA.
Pursuant to Comissão de Valores Mobiliários Rule 483, Citi is required to disclose whether a Citi related company or business has a commercial relationship
with the subject company. Considering that Citi operates multiple businesses in more than 100 countries around the world, it is likely that Citi has a
commercial relationship with the subject company.
Many European regulators require that a firm must establish, implement and make available a policy for managing conflicts of interest arising as a result of
publication or distribution of investment research. The policy applicable to Citi Research's Products can be found
at https://www.citivelocity.com/cvr/eppublic/citi_research_disclosures.
Compensation of equity research analysts is determined by equity research management and Citigroup's senior management and is not linked to specific
transactions or recommendations.
6

Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD)
3 February 2015

Citi Research

The Product is not to be construed as providing investment services in any jurisdiction where the provision of such services would not be permitted.
Subject to the nature and contents of the Product, the investments described therein are subject to fluctuations in price and/or value and investors may get
back less than originally invested. Certain high-volatility investments can be subject to sudden and large falls in value that could equal or exceed the amount
invested. Certain investments contained in the Product may have tax implications for private customers whereby levels and basis of taxation may be subject
to change. If in doubt, investors should seek advice from a tax adviser. The Product does not purport to identify the nature of the specific market or other
risks associated with a particular transaction. Advice in the Product is general and should not be construed as personal advice given it has been prepared
without taking account of the objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular investor. Accordingly, investors should, before acting on the advice,
consider the appropriateness of the advice, having regard to their objectives, financial situation and needs. Prior to acquiring any financial product, it is the
client's responsibility to obtain the relevant offer document for the product and consider it before making a decision as to whether to purchase the product.
Citi Research generally disseminates its research to the Firm’s global institutional and retail clients via both proprietary (e.g., Citi Velocity and Citi Personal
Wealth Management) and non-proprietary electronic distribution platforms. Certain research may be disseminated only via Citi’s proprietary distribution
platforms; however such research will not contain changes to earnings forecasts, target price, investment or risk rating or investment thesis or be otherwise
inconsistent with the author’s previously published research. Certain research is made available only to institutional investors to satisfy regulatory
requirements. Individual Citi Research analysts may also opt to circulate published research to one or more clients by email; such email distribution is
discretionary and is done only after the research has been disseminated.
The level and types of services provided by Citi Research analysts to clients may vary depending on various factors such as the client’s individual
preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communications from analysts, the client’s risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g.
market-wide, sector specific, long term, short-term etc.), the size and scope of the overall client relationship with Citi and legal and regulatory constraints.
Citi Research product may source data from dataCentral. dataCentral is a Citi Research proprietary database, which includes Citi estimates, data from
company reports and feeds from Thomson Reuters. The printed and printable version of the research report may not include all the information (e.g., certain
financial summary information and comparable company data) that is linked to the online version available on Citi's proprietary electronic distribution
platforms.
© 2015 Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Citi Research is a division of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Citi and Citi with Arc Design are trademarks and service
marks of Citigroup Inc. and its affiliates and are used and registered throughout the world. All rights reserved. Any unauthorized use, duplication,
redistribution or disclosure of this report (the “Product”), including, but not limited to, redistribution of the Product by electronic mail, posting of the Product on
a website or page, and/or providing to a third party a link to the Product, is prohibited by law and will result in prosecution. The information contained in the
Product is intended solely for the recipient and may not be further distributed by the recipient to any third party. Where included in this report, MSCI sourced
information is the exclusive property of Morgan Stanley Capital International Inc. (MSCI). Without prior written permission of MSCI, this information and any
other MSCI intellectual property may not be reproduced, redisseminated or used to create any financial products, including any indices. This information is
provided on an "as is" basis. The user assumes the entire risk of any use made of this information. MSCI, its affiliates and any third party involved in, or
related to, computing or compiling the information hereby expressly disclaim all warranties of originality, accuracy, completeness, merchantability or fitness
for a particular purpose with respect to any of this information. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall MSCI, any of its affiliates or any third
party involved in, or related to, computing or compiling the information have any liability for any damages of any kind. MSCI, Morgan Stanley Capital
International and the MSCI indexes are services marks of MSCI and its affiliates. The Firm accepts no liability whatsoever for the actions of third parties. The
Product may provide the addresses of, or contain hyperlinks to, websites. Except to the extent to which the Product refers to website material of the Firm,
the Firm has not reviewed the linked site. Equally, except to the extent to which the Product refers to website material of the Firm, the Firm takes no
responsibility for, and makes no representations or warranties whatsoever as to, the data and information contained therein. Such address or hyperlink
(including addresses or hyperlinks to website material of the Firm) is provided solely for your convenience and information and the content of the linked site
does not in anyway form part of this document. Accessing such website or following such link through the Product or the website of the Firm shall be at your
own risk and the Firm shall have no liability arising out of, or in connection with, any such referenced website.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST

7

