Results: Strong Q4 – New Dividend + Stock Buyback Are Big
Positives But Pricing Is Softer Than Expected – Volume Going Up
 Citi's Take — Gilead posted a strong Q4 driven by 10% beat on revs and 11% on
EPS. Both Harvoni and Sovaldi beat albeit ex-US hepC sales were weak as
reimbursement was not fully secured until Q1. HepC sales should accelerate
meaningfully ex-US in 2015. The surprise is that gross/net discounts are expected
to be 46% vs our 25% driven by aggressive exclusivity based contracts. Gilead is
winning the battle as only 20% of formularies are exclusive to ABBV. As volume will
increase meaningfully and hence the 2015 guidance is only slightly lower than ests,
we expect the stock to trade down c.5% but we remain Buyers.
 What the Pricing? — Clearly this is a precedent setting situation as payers are
demanding exclusivity contracts in both the public and private markets. The bad
news is that this translates into very fast and deep discounting to gain access. But
the good news is that Gilead is winning and this will carry over through YE ’16 by
which point Merck will launch their regimen and contracting is done for 2017. In the
meantime, Gilead will capture share, docs will gain experience, and Gilead has the
best hepC pipeline. We like the stock as it offers a low P/E multiple supported by
stock buybacks, dividend, under-appreciated pipeline and M&A optionality.
 Capital Deployment — Gilead announced a dividend unexpectedly for the first time
of $0.43/quarter or ~1.6% div yield ($2.75B/yr) and a $15B stock buyback on top of
the remaining $3B under the current plan. This will last for 5 years but typically the
buybacks are accelerated. With $14B-$15B in free cash flow in 2015, this will allow
for plenty of room for acquisitions to boost the pipeline and stimulate growth.
 Implications — The worse news is now behind us on pricing and volume should
now accelerate globally. The patient pull-through will be faster than was initially
expected and will remain sustainable ex-US due to strict budgets. The dividend and
stock buybacks are encouraging and leave room for further M&A as Gilead is
gearing the company for acquisitions starting in 2015.
 
 
Gilead Sciences Inc
Valuation
We value Gilead on a comparative P/E vs. the large-cap biotech comp group. Our
$125 target price is based on 12x 2015E non-GAAP EPS estimate of $10.39. This
multiple is a substantial discount to both the S&P500 and large-cap biotech group
and reflects the long-term uncertainty about the longevity of the hepC revenue
stream.
Our DCF analysis suggests a value of $81-$119. In our DCF, we utilize a 10%
discount rate to get to $81, which is an overly conservative scenario. If we use an
8% discount rate that we typically apply to large-cap biotech stocks, we derive a
$104 DCF value. If we use the current cost of capital using a discount rate of 6.5%
based on a risk-free rate of 2.59%, an equity risk premium of 5.45%, and a 52-week
beta of 1.22, we derive a $119 DCF value.
Risks
Risks we see to the stock achieving our target price include the following:
While Gilead has the premier HIV franchise today, future growth depends on the
continued ability of Stribild, Complera, Truvada and Atripla to continue to capture
share in the HIV market. TAF (2nd generation Viread) has completed ph 3 studies
and has been filed for global regulatory approvals. Hence it is facing the typical
regulatory risks albeit we believe that it will be approved.
Gilead is vulnerable to pricing pressure from US payors and European governments
which could result in larger-than-expected rebates for its HIV/HCV products. Gilead
must also successfully navigate its US HIV franchise through the opportunities and
challenges that it faces stemming from the healthcare reform act.
Gilead is also facing some pricing/reimbursement challenges in the US relating to
Sovaldi/Harvoni's price and sizable demand that will test the limits of funding for
private payers, Medicaid, the VA system and the correction department. Hence,
pricing will likely come under pressure especially given growing competition in
hepC.
Finally, the hepC market will likely become very competitive given promising
regimens from Merck, AbbVie, Bristol, JNJ, ACHN and others in development.
 
