Gilead Sciences, Inc.
GILD: Q4-Steep HCV Discount Overshadows Strong Demand, Dividend
• Summary: On 2/3, GILD reported Q4 results, most notable for the disclosure of
an HCV gross-to-net meaningfully less favorable vs. expectations. Though
enhanced patient access should enable GILD to make up for this by volume, it
does mean GILD will likely need to sustain high patient flow long term to
maintain robust sales, and makes them less likely to beat 2015 expectations as
easily as the prescription run-rate had been suggesting. A significant increase in
expenses yr/yr to support growth of the HCV franchise was also notable.
Nonetheless, there were quite a few bright spots in the quarter, including strong
sales of HIV products and Harvoni (albeit driven in part by inventory builds),
positive data from under-the-radar pipeline agent ‘5745, and the positive step of
aggressively returning capital to shareholders through expanded buybacks and
initiation of a dividend. It is clear coming out of the quarter that demand for
GILD’s products is still quite strong and investors will more directly see the cash
these products will generate, even if it’s not quite as robust-- and that the pipeline
continues to progress with multiple underappreciated products. Though HCV
competitive/pricing dynamics and HIV patent expiries could limit dramatic
growth potential from here, GILD still looks inexpensive on a DCF basis--moreso
after the post-market pullback--assuming any reasonable long-term HCV and
HIV sustainability. Adjusting 2015E non-GAAP EPS to $10.18 from $10.31 and
valuation range to $123-127 from $127-131.
• Solid Q4 beat, helped in part by inventory buildups; increasing
expenses going forward. GILD reported revenue of $7.3B, above our and
consensus’ estimates ($7.07B/$6.72B). Harvoni sales of $2.11B handily beat
consensus' $1.5B and our $1.8B estimate; this did include expected inventory
build. Sovaldi was softer than expected, in part because of additional inventory
drawdowns. Sales were strong across the HIV franchise, though it was also driven
in part by inventory build. The strong sales more than offset higher-thanexpected
expenses, leading to a non-GAAP EPS beat at $2.43. Expenses, while
related to several one-time items, appear likely to grow more than expected in
2015 (guided for R&D $3-3.3B and SG&A $3-3.3B)--illustrating the additional
commercial investment needed to support the emerging HCV franchise.
• Gross-to-net for Harvoni/Sovaldi worse-than-expected, in part
explains guidance for low 2015 product sales yr/yr growth. Somewhat
surprisingly, the company provided clarity on gross-to-net for the HCV products,
citing 46% in the U.S.--in part reflecting an increased mix of government payers
and more rapid-than-expected formulary/access agreements. We believe this
explains the 2015 product sales guidance of $26-27B, which represents only 6-
10% yr/yr. Volume growth could provide key offsets to this as access improves. GILD reaffirmed expectations
that significant HCV patient volume increases pulling through via greater access; given Harvoni new
prescriptions were already on a 3,000/wk run rate exiting Q4, when insurers were highly restrictive on
fibrosis score for patient eligibility, we agree the patient volume should rise considerably (though increased
proportion of less sick patients eligible for the 8-week regimen is likely to further decrease revenues per
patient over the course of the year, even if gross-to-net is flat from here). Overlaying the updated HCV
metrics provided by the company including gross-to-net, genotype mix, and duration, on top of our
prescription projections, we now estimate global HCV sales of $15.3B – slightly less optimistic than the
prescription trends had pointed to before the new gross/net info, but still potentially enabling GILD to beat
their sales guidance (we now est. $28.4B sales).
• One step backward, one step forward for pipeline. On the negative front, GILD reported that
simtuzumab, an anti-fibrotic antibody that looked very promising in animal models, failed to show any
activity in colorectal cancer or MF. Still, it is worth noting that cancers represented a challenging application
of the drug’s mechanism (drug already failed in pancreatic cancer); the company noted stronger evidence for
LOXL2’s association with fibrosis and disease progression in fibrotic diseases of the lung and liver, and recall
there were some signals in an early liver fibrosis study, still allowing for the possibility the agent could be
active in NASH--still a high-risk mid-year readout, but one where we believe expectations are low. On the
positive flip side, GILD reported they will advance their anti-MMP9 antibody in gastric cancer and ulcerative
colitis following signals in ph.I/IIs which the company told us indicated clear evidence of responses and
remissions--particularly encouraging given potentially large opportunity in UC, and an asset that could start
garnering some value.
• Returning cash to shareholders – displays confidence in revenue sustainability, signals major
acquisition unlikely on the horizon. Addressing a key question prompted in part by GILD’s rapid but
substantially decelerating growth, and significant cashflows generated by their HCV franchise, the company
announced an expanded buyback plan ($15B over 5 years, once remaining $3B is used) and dividend
($0.43/quarter). Though the dividend was bit surprising at this point, overall, we view this commitment to
return capital to shareholders as signaling their confidence in the long-term revenue sustainability that we
believe remains underappreciated on DCF basis, and could potentially open up shares to new class of
investors. It does, though, suggest that a large acquisition to bring in a core growth-driving product, which
we believe many had hoped for at some point this year, most likely is not imminent.
 
