Lowering Numbers; Why It's Still a Buy
Conclusions on 4Q update: Surprises in both directions; net: Lowering ests
Despite a 10% beat on 4Q EPS and the upside surprise of a new $15bn share buyback
and Gilead's first-ever dividend, the focus of Gilead's 4Q was on the downside surprise
of guiding to a 46% gross-to-net adjustment for HCV sales in 2015 (vs. 22% at YE14).
Clearly this negatively affects sales and market size forecasts, both of which we move
lower in our model. We further think the discounting will impact not only GILD shares,
but also represents a headline negative for the sector (though several names are less
exposed to price erosion). That said, it's really not the end of the world for GILD
numbers, since [1] we ultimately got to that level of HCV discounting (just not until the
outer years), and [2] this level of discounting occurs in other large segments as well,
such as HIV and multiple sclerosis. The offset to the lower value of the HCV market is
the value creation from capital allocation. Although we expect a hit to the stock, we
maintain our Buy rating, as our DCF is still supportive; the multiple is already cheaper
than all other biotechs / pharma, and pipeline and M&A could drive multiple expansion.
Impact of wider gross-to-net
[1] Lower HCV market value. The 46% gross-to-net is about twice as wide as we
expected, and lowers our sales and market size estimates (peak global HCV market size:
$24bn, from $28bn). [2] Volumes are going higher… As expected the volumes
compensate for lower pricing near term. Arguably the market penetration will be
higher over time because it will be more affordable to treat patients. [3] …but the
patients are being treated sooner. This is good: more patients are captured by
Gilead ahead of further competition, and the time value of money says sooner is better
than later. However, out year ests go lower as the patient pool is depleted faster.
Impact to our model: Lowering 2015e EPS by 4%, but numbers more concrete
We increased the gross-to-net in HCV to 46% in 2015e, and increasing thereafter. This
lowers our sales and EPS estimates, though the new $15bn repo and dividend helps
offset.
Valuation: Buy; Lowering PT to $120 (from $125) based on 11.4x our 2016e EPS
GILD currently trades at 9.7x our 2016 EPS estimate, vs. next lowest biotech (14x) and
pharma (12x).
 
Investment Thesis 12-month rating Buy
Gilead Sciences 12m price target US$120.00
Investment case
We rate GILD shares BUY, on the basis of 1) several pipeline
catalysts over the next 12 months, 2) potential upside to 2015-
16 estimates, which have been reset lower, and 3) the lowest P/E
multiple on 2016E EPS. Key to upside to 2015 numbers is the
launch of Harvoni in hepatitis C, which should drive share
outperformance as we expect GILD's HCV regimens to be both
the first- and best in a very large market with double-digit-billion
dollar potential. Additionally, we see significant pipeline
opportunities with simtuzumab in fibrosis, and in the TAF
program in HIV that provides opportunities to extend the life of
the franchise beyond the core tenofovir patents expire in 2018.
Further, we view oncology as an underappreciated program.
Upside scenario
Our upside scenario of $142 reflects a higher multiple (14x, still
at a discount to the group) to reflect a bullish outlook on the
pipeline and cash flow redeployment, as well as for the HCV and
HIV businesses. In HCV, upside drivers include a higher diagnosis
rate leading to a larger market opportunity and deeper
penetration. Additional upside could come from reimbursement
and pricing, where our base-case model is relatively conservative.
We see additional upside from HIV and TAF, with higher
utilization extending the revenue tail before patent expiry.
Downside scenario
Our downside scenario of $89 reflects a suppressed (8.5x)
multiple to reflect a failure of the pipeline and weak HCV sales
due to pricing pressure or competition.
Upcoming catalysts
1).Ph2 data of 3D combo at EASL (April 22-26); 2) Ph3 data of
SOF+GS-5816 in 3Q15; 3) Ph3 C-EDGE data from Merck; 4) Ph2
simtuzumab in NASH and IPF, and MMP9 in 3 cancer trials and 1
UC in 2015. 5) M&A.
Business description
Gilead Sciences, Inc. discovers, develops, and commercializes
treatments for infectious and pulmonary diseases. Its currently
marketed products include Stribild, Complera, Atripla, Truvada,
Viread, and Emtriva for HIV; Hepsera for hepatitis B; and
AmBisome for the treatment of fungal diseases. Gilead also
receives royalties from Roche for Tamiflu, a treatment for
influenza. Gilead's key pipeline programs are sofosbuvir in
hepatitis C, TAF in HIV, and idelisilib in cancer.
Industry outlook
As an industry, we expect biotech stocks to outperform the
broader markets on the basis of attractive growth relative to
the S&P 500. Within biotech, the long term revenue and
earnings growth outlook is the key determinant of biotech
stock performance. Companies creating new product cycles
through organic pipeline development and strategic
acquisitions, paired with financial metrics and shareholder
friendly programs (buy-backs, dividends, etc) are likely to
outperform. Gilead's significant double-digit growth is above
the peer group mean and in our view, justifies a higher
multiple than currently implied on 2014-15 EPS. Further, GILD
could see significant multiple expansion relative to peers if
acquisitions or pipeline development improves the out-year
outlook.
 
Key facts and comments from the quarter
[1] HCV pricing. The 46% is a blended discount for Sovaldi and Harvoni across
payers, reflecting larger private discounts (we est 40%) and a shift in mix toward
public payers who receive discounting over 50%. The discounts are triggered by
volumes, with contracts set to limit denials and increase access (in-line, see HERE).
[2] Patient access. Contracts are in place for about 60% of covered lives in US, and
Harvoni gained access to 80% of those. The treatment rate in EU will be lower due
to budgetary constraints
[3] 4Q numbers. HIV is in great shape, beating by $181m (7%), driven by higher
US sales across major products. Mgmt did not exclude the possibility for a HIV
price increase in 2015. Harvoni beat by $466m (30%), with inventory 2-3days
($65-100m) higher than normal.
[4] Guidance. $26-27bn of 2015 product sales (consensus $28bn) factored in
discount and 250k treatment capacity in HCV.
[5] Pipeline. The BTK inhibitor will be studies in combination with Gilead's other
kinase inhibitors. The 4 and 6wk data of the pan-genotypic triple pill will be
presented at EASL. The MMP9 antibody is advancing based on activity in ph1b.
 
